# BubbleMsh.jl

A simple bubble mesh generator implemented by `Julia`. This package should work with a `msh` file generated by [Gmsh](https://gmsh.info/), where the initial points in `msh` file is fixed. See the following reference for the detail of bubble mesh:
1. Shimada, K., Gossard, D. C. (1995). Bubble mesh: Automated triangular meshing of non-manifold geometry by sphere packing. Proceedings of the Third ACM Symposium on Solid Modeling and Applications, 409–419. https://doi.org/10.1145/218013.218095
2. Dinh, V. Q., Marechal, Y. (2017). GPU-based parallelization for bubble mesh generation. The International Journal for Computation and Mathematics in Electrical and Electronic Engineering, 36(4), 1184–1197. https://doi.org/10.1108/COMPEL-11-2016-0476

## Installation
As this package has not registered, you can install this package by the following steps:
1. clone this repository down to local.
2. open `Julia` and enter `pkg` mode.
3. set up package by this common:
```julia
dev <locol path of BubbleMsh.jl>
```

## Usage
1. Generated the boundary(or fixed) points by Gmsh, the detail of this step can be found [here](https://gmsh.info/doc/texinfo/gmsh.html).
2. `Julia` file should begin with
```julia
using BubbleMsh
```
a new `msh` file will be generated by
```julia
bubblemsh(filename::String,xc::Vector{Float64},d::Vector{Float64},n::Int,r::Float64,h::Float64)
```
Arguments:
    - filename: name(or path) of `msh` file
    - xc: the coordiantes of centric point used for generating
    - d: the max distance between centric point and generated point in each directions
    - n: number of generated points
    - r: characteristic distance between each points
    - h: length of time steps in Runge-Kutta method

